Policy support in API (#141)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/policy-checks.mdx

# Policy Checks API

> -> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud **Team & Governance** tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing), and OPA policies are in beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud **Team & Governance** tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing), and OPA policies are in beta. OPA policies are also not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

> -> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are paid features, available as part of the **Team & Governance** upgrade package. [Learn more about Terraform Cloud pricing here](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud **Team & Governance** tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing), and OPA policies are in beta.
```

> -> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud **Team & Governance** tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing), and OPA policies are in beta. OPA policies are also not available in Terraform Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud Team & Governance tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing), and OPA policies are in beta. OPA policies are not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

| ------------------ | -------------------------------------- |
| `run`              | The run this policy check belongs to.  |
| `run.workspace`    | The associated workspace of the run.   |

> ## List Policy Evaluations in the task stage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## List Policy Evaluations in the Task Stage
```

`GET /task-stages/:task_stage_id/policy-evaluations`

| Parameter                   | Description                                 |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| `:task_stage_id`            | The task stage ID to get.                   |

> This endpoint allows you to list policy evaluations that are part of the task stage.

Reviewer: Can we add a link to more info on "task stages" in case folks aren't familiar?

| Status  | Response                                      | Reason                                              |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| [200][] | [JSON API document][]                         | Success                                             |
| [404][] | [JSON API error object][]                     | Task stage not found                                |

### Query Parameters

> This endpoint supports pagination [with standard URL query parameters](/cloud-docs/api-docs/#query-parameters). Remember to percent-encode `[` as `%5B` and `]` as `%5D` if your tooling doesn't automatically encode URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint supports pagination [with standard URL query parameters](/cloud-docs/api-docs/#query-parameters). Remember to percent-encode `[` as `%5B` and `]` as `%5D` if your tooling does not automatically encode URLs.
```

| Parameter                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> |------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer 2: nit: Table formatting looks wrong.

> | `page[number]`                     | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return the first page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
> | `page[size]`                       | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return 20 agent pools per page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: Just removing "will" --> We want to describe TFC features and actions in present tense. 

```suggestion
| `page[number]`                     | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint returns the first page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `page[size]`                       | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint returns 20 agent pools per page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

  --request GET \
  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/task-stages/ts-rL5ZsuwfjqfPJcdi/policy-evaluations
```

### Sample Response

```json
{
   "data":[
      {
         "id":"poleval-8Jj9Hfoz892D9WMX",
         "type":"policy-evaluations",
         "attributes":{
            "status":"passed",
            "policy-kind":"opa",
            "status-timestamps":{
               "passed-at":"2022-09-16T01:40:30+00:00",
               "queued-at":"2022-09-16T01:40:04+00:00",
               "running-at":"2022-09-16T01:40:08+00:00"
            },
            "created-at":"2022-09-16T01:39:07.782Z",
            "updated-at":"2022-09-16T01:40:30.010Z"
         },
         "relationships":{
            "policy-attachable":{
               "data":{
                  "id":"ts-yxskot8Gz5yHa38W",
                  "type":"task-stages"
               }
            },
            "policy-set-outcomes":{
               "links":{
                  "related":"/api/v2/policy-evaluations/poleval-8Jj9Hfoz892D9WMX/policy-set-outcomes"
               }
            }
         },
         "links":{
            "self":"/api/v2/policy-evaluations/poleval-8Jj9Hfoz892D9WMX"
         }
      }
   ]
}
```

> ## List the Policy Outcomes of the Policy Evaluation

Reviewer: hm, are we saying "policy check" or "policy evaluation"? I think I've seen both and I think it says "policy checks" in the UI (right? lmk if I'm wrong on that though!)

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17270065/191886929-d64cdb7c-ff60-4147-bead-f93613ec30f5.png)
For OPA policies, it does not say policy checks. We internally refer to it as evaluations.
Adding @hcrhall for his input here.
Happy to keep it consistent. Either ways, let me know your thoughts?  :)

`GET /policy-evaluations/:policy_evaluation_id/policy-set-outcomes`

| Parameter                   | Description                                                |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `:policy_evaluation_id`     | The ID of the policy evaluation the outcome belongs to get |

This endpoint allows you to list policy set outcomes that are part of the policy evaluation.

| Status  | Response                                      | Reason                                                  |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| [200][] | [JSON API document][]                         | Success                                                 |
| [404][] | [JSON API error object][]                     | Policy evaluation not found                             |

### Query Parameters

> This endpoint supports pagination [with standard URL query parameters](/cloud-docs/api-docs/#query-parameters). Remember to percent-encode `[` as `%5B` and `]` as `%5D` if your tooling doesn't automatically encode URLs.

Reviewer: We shouldn't use contractions in docs! It might be that this is like this everywhere....but if not, let's take that out :) 

```suggestion
This endpoint supports pagination [with standard URL query parameters](/cloud-docs/api-docs/#query-parameters). Remember to percent-encode `[` as `%5B` and `]` as `%5D` if your tooling does not automatically encode URLs.
```

| Parameter                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `page[number]`                     | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return the first page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
> | `page[size]`                       | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return 20 agent pools per page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `page[number]`                     | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint returns the first page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `page[size]`                       | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint returns 20 agent pools per page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

| [404][] | [JSON API error object][]                     | Policy evaluation not found                             |

### Query Parameters

This endpoint supports pagination [with standard URL query parameters](/cloud-docs/api-docs/#query-parameters). Remember to percent-encode `[` as `%5B` and `]` as `%5D` if your tooling does not automatically encode URLs.

| Parameter                          | Description                                                             |
|----------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `page[number]`                     | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint returns the first page.          |
| `page[size]`                       | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint returns 20 agent pools per page. |

### Sample Request

```shell
curl \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  --header "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \
  --request GET \
  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/policy-evaluations/pol-o7tAtsCxnGhPHCfv/policy-set-outcomes
```

### Sample Response

```json
{

>    "data":[

Reviewer 3: Indentation seems off throughout the sample responses. Just go through and confirm the whitespace throughout.

```suggestion
   "data": [
```

| ------------------ | -------------------------------------- |
| `run`              | The run this policy check belongs to.  |
| `run.workspace`    | The associated workspace of the run.   |

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:opa-policies -->

> ## List Policy Evaluations in the Task Stage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## List OPA Policy Evaluations in the Task Stage
```

Reviewer: Also @mrinalirao This just occurred to me. Are any of the endpoints on this page now Sentinel Only? If so, we should mark them as such, so users know which ones to use for the policy set type they have :)

> This endpoint is only available for OPA policies.

Reviewer: @mrinalirao I don't know what the "Task Stage" is. It doesn't appear as one of the states on this page....https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/run/states

  --request GET \
  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/task-stages/ts-rL5ZsuwfjqfPJcdi/policy-evaluations
```

### Sample Response

```json
{
   "data":[
      {
         "id":"poleval-8Jj9Hfoz892D9WMX",
         "type":"policy-evaluations",
         "attributes":{
            "status":"passed",
            "policy-kind":"opa",
            "status-timestamps":{
               "passed-at":"2022-09-16T01:40:30+00:00",
               "queued-at":"2022-09-16T01:40:04+00:00",
               "running-at":"2022-09-16T01:40:08+00:00"
            },
            "created-at":"2022-09-16T01:39:07.782Z",
            "updated-at":"2022-09-16T01:40:30.010Z"
         },
         "relationships":{
            "policy-attachable":{
               "data":{
                  "id":"ts-yxskot8Gz5yHa38W",
                  "type":"task-stages"
               }
            },
            "policy-set-outcomes":{
               "links":{
                  "related":"/api/v2/policy-evaluations/poleval-8Jj9Hfoz892D9WMX/policy-set-outcomes"
               }
            }
         },
         "links":{
            "self":"/api/v2/policy-evaluations/poleval-8Jj9Hfoz892D9WMX"
         }
      }
   ]
}
```

> ## List the Policy Outcomes of the Policy Evaluation

Author: This API is listing the Outcomes (not the evaluations). We specifically want to move away from the word results as this is the new modelling for OPA and the API says policy evaluation/policy set outcome :)

> ## List the Policy Outcomes of the Policy Evaluation

Reviewer: oh boy, but we say Results in the docs :)

| `run`              | The run this policy check belongs to.  |
| `run.workspace`    | The associated workspace of the run.   |

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:opa-policies -->

> ## List Policy Evaluations in the Task Stage

Reviewer: Ah, you commented this out - yay! :)  I think we want a line underneath the title that this is only for OPA policies. I assume that's why we commented it out, right?  Do we have an equivalent endpoint for Sentinel (sorry it's so hard to see from the GitHub preview) - if yes, maybe we be like "This endpoint is only available for OPA policies. For Sentinel policies, use the XX endpoint." 

Thoughts?

Author: I am not sure if there is an equivalent sentinel endpoint for policy outcomes. But it looks like `List Policy Checks` might be a single endpoint (from sentinel) that kind of does what both these endpoints do for OPA. I would probably avoid adding the For Sentinel policies, use the XX endpoint for now.
